we talk about the world cup to follow the reaction of the fans during
the first game of Argentina's national team in Africa reporters
andré cabinet so we were standardized let's go here in the zone
of the pernambuco forest
to attack
welcome some businessmen
with Northeastern accent
with the name was given by an Argentine priest who already passed by here
said the main goal the government and military the regional
it's the coolest thing
but Brazil
we are four thousand and 700 kilometers from the Argentine capital
but there is a lot of it
In this small town in the zone of the forest of pernambuco the green and yellow are in the
street beyond the canopy that is junina party time
but there are colors of Argentine team name around here
we have about ten missing
Information from the juniors mouths in this house went beyond
the eldest son was baptized with the name of Argentinian cracker riquelme
I would very much like the family certificate and that there are very good people will not see
with his son in a note
in the limit - wireless connection believe the country said the goal
cheerleaders organized in argentina real fans
in the selection of maradona the story of the organized crowd beginning of
only that the project chemotherapy cycles and 100 employees
distributed
we are proud never give up we were
It's as if a child does with the tragedy of heart.
It's no use questioning
the athletes to the position
Are you coming to the octaves who dares to speak in Brazil now?
which has since changed the generic
no one bets on the industry in part
and we can not stay in the opening of the cup
can be a rare disease
not
stand near to celebrate your goal
again on nigeria was enough for that a spider
strap
altogether
is the argentine boy cheer as it reacts to governmental stimuli
more than 3 thousand
crocop car